[Music]
welcome to my unboxing of the Philco
magistrates ninja this particular
configuration is the fkb and 104 m / e
FB - it has a black body color a 140
layout it uses brown cherry key switches
as well as a featuring n key rollover
which means you can type with link you
know by sitting on the keyboard you know
should you say you fit and all of the
keystrokes will be registered it also
uses front-facing keys which when I
originally heard about the concept and
saw it in pictures I kind of hated it
and I thought I wouldn't like it at all
but it makes for a very clean looking
keyboard that also has the advantage of
when you're sitting in front of it which
is where you'll probably be sitting
being very very easy to read so it's
very nice it turns out I'm actually kind
of a fan of this particularly so this
keyboard right here comes with well a
cord so no frills no gimmicks great
build quality overall very solid feel
excellent workmanship no frills no
built-in USB hub it does come with a USB
to ps2 adapter and it comes with a
couple of other little things comes with
a key remover which you can use just
like this to remove keys no ink so there
you see the cherry bound brown switches
cherry brew and switches are more linear
they are less tactile feeling and they
don't really have a perceivable click
which isn't to say that they're quiet
either because pretty much any
mechanical keyboard is going to be
louder than a membrane keyboard just due
to 12 the way that people type of them
they tend to type on them louder however
so you have the disadvantage of annoying
your neighbor or your sleeping baby or
whatever else the case may be but there
are advantages to they are more
comfortable and you will type faster on
a mechanical keyboard versus on a cheap
membrane keyboard especially if you find
the one that's just right for you
so it's highly recommended that you try
a wide variety of different mechanical
keyboards especially
the different key switches and then
search for the layout that you find
suits you best there's also an Philco is
actually a great brand that way because
they have a ton of different varieties
of products available so you can get
ones without a number pad so there gets
called a ten key list and it's a
shortened keyboard okay you can get ones
that have different colors of bodies you
can get ones that have this kind of key
cap you can get ones that have the
printing on the top for the key cap this
one actually also comes with replacement
windows keys so it's got either the
embossed one with the with the bubbly
logo or you can put on one with the logo
right here and you can get their
keyboards in all four of the main Cherry
key switches so that is blue black red
and brown I think that pretty much
covers it so thank you for checking out
this unboxing online is tech tips and
don't forget to subscribe for more
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos